Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a sound check. Well, make sure you can hear me and see me okay
Debbie Barker: Everything's, are you okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I can hear and see you. Okay, as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to invite you to find a place for me to land kind of prompt me up somewhere. I'm going to open up a note, while you kind of look around your environment and find a place where you can sit comfortably and the phone can rest.
Debbie Barker: And hopefully won't fall off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so used to it. Honestly, I will have a question about five times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh that like that spot actually is really good lighting like that turquoise
Debbie Barker: Thank you. The window.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. And you are so funny with the whole hair thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was funny.
Debbie Barker: I'll be glad when the beauty shops open back up my hair so long and can't do nothing with
Debbie Barker: Set Washington come back and it goes everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone was telling me that they, it was. Oh, it was someone that
Gwenevere Abriel: A friend of mines husband, the people that he works with
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone at work bust her hair off. She was like, I can't deal with this. I'm just cutting it off.
Because
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know I'm not ready to do it either, but I was like, well,
Debbie Barker: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Was trying to pick
Debbie Barker: The last time I tried to cut my hair, I had to wear a hat for a couple of months and go to the beauty shop. Good. I said, Never again. Well I mess with my hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's funny. That's funny. So you can't. You gotta get one of these kids years to learn how to cut hair so then they can keep on it.
Debbie Barker: I don't trust her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She would do it on purpose and cut a little too short.
Debbie Barker: Right. Oh no, I just
Debbie Barker: She probably do an okay job, but I'd rather wait till the beauty shop opens
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go, well, what if it's another two months.
Debbie Barker: On. I don't know. Maybe I'll start wearing pigtails or something.
Debbie Barker: Where my head all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just saying.
Debbie Barker: My head. So I'll just probably wear my hat.
Debbie Barker: Cute, cute, cute. I can't wait all this county simmers down some
Gwenevere Abriel: Amen.
Debbie Barker: It is really crazy. Luckily we ever got just one case here and down. So we're. We're really fortunate
Gwenevere Abriel: And which town, are you in which are you let
Gwenevere Abriel: Her tell us. Okay.
Debbie Barker: We go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, yep, yep, yep. I'm trying to think. I don't remember people's where they I know I hear it every time we do an icebreaker but then I for some reason I because i don't know i don't have little stories with each town.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't wait can't quite put an image to these
Debbie Barker: 250 miles from Albuquerque.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Debbie Barker: So pretty solid mile from the Texas border actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what is cartel is known for
Peanuts.
Debbie Barker: Peanuts, yo.
Debbie Barker: We grow more peanuts here than anywhere in the United States.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you know so do peanuts, like a try, kind of environment.
You know,
Debbie Barker: They do good real good here. We're in mostly a farming and dairy here. It's just a little town. It's not very big, which I like. I'm from here.
Debbie Barker: I'm moved back. I went 94 to be closer to my family. I just got my sister left now. And two, and in fact, one has pneumonia and is in the hospital pretty worried about her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dear
Debbie Barker: They're getting up in their age, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, so are you comfortable or have you already gone to see her.
Debbie Barker: Or you kind of stand on she know I've just been standing on, I can't afford to catch this, because I don't know if I'll survive or not.
Debbie Barker: With my health problems. I stand at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: I completely get it just, just like to review with people that the same way we need here. Sometimes our sister sometimes are we can teach our grandparents, we can teach people how to use zoom so that we can say hi. I miss you.
Know we
Debbie Barker: Love for my sister to be able to do more. She can't read or write very well. But I want to get on Facebook, so she can at least look at the videos and stuff like that. I don't think you should enjoy that.
Debbie Barker: She's always looking over my phone when you know my children when I'm on my phone. So
Gwenevere Abriel: And does her. Does she have someone that's bedside with her, or she alone.
Debbie Barker: Now she's, she's got her ex husband lives on the other side of the trailer and then her oldest son, unfortunately, we lost her son, a couple of years back. It's been almost three years.
Debbie Barker: So she
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that tell us
Debbie Barker: He had gotten better and was off of everything, but he was drinking on the weekends and somehow got a hold of some kind of appealing took it. So we just really don't know what happened that night.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's tragic
Debbie Barker: He was a good kid. He was doing better expecting his first child.
Debbie Barker: Really sad.
Truly
Debbie Barker: He was a real gifted young man.
Gwenevere Abriel: And these substances, don't mess around. I know when you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you know, I'm invincible. I can or not, you know, these are
Debbie Barker: Our live with the daughter that's fanatic. So I, I see it every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's Kathy right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and how how she doing today.
Debbie Barker: I'm saying, Okay, we're fixing to have us a little talk
Oh boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the points you want to get across.
Debbie Barker: That certain people need to stop coming around.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that her
Gwenevere Abriel: Her husband or
Debbie Barker: No dealer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, got it.
Debbie Barker: I don't like him in my front yard.
Gwenevere Abriel: I imagine you won't like them anymore in the backyard, either.
No.
Debbie Barker: Well, they need disco meet somewhere else, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: They need to get lost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is your daughter. Is this a combination of a connect a dealer and a friend like are they okay so that's the challenge, right there.
Debbie Barker: You know,
Debbie Barker: I don't know if she needs to do something to slow things down, we just
Debbie Barker: Don't know.
Debbie Barker: pretty upset with her today.
Debbie Barker: Nice and quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Gotcha.
Debbie Barker: And it just hasn't been that way on and off.
Debbie Barker: And of course my health hasn't been that great year lightly. I didn't sleep very much last night. I'm up for another back surgery and and knee surgery as soon as all this. Let's go song.
Debbie Barker: I just deal with it.
Debbie Barker: I sleep sometime and then sometime I don't want I don't sleep. I'm a harder time going with things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really harder now that's normal. In other words, right, we
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't think straight when we're overtired we just can't.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Debbie Barker: One part of my body that was hurting. It wouldn't be so bad.
Debbie Barker: But I've got arthritis tomb and that you know comes and goes with certain days it's worse on certain days and then it's better on certain dates.
Gwenevere Abriel: it last time when we were talking, is this the same person you were sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I see. So she she has a boyfriend now. And his and he's mean is that the dealer.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, no, no, lives in Texas. I wish she would find somebody that would make her feel better about herself.
Debbie Barker: Instead of somebody that was mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: This friend that also gives her
Gwenevere Abriel: Her hookup. What is this, a friend from high school, or how long are they know each other.
Debbie Barker: I don't really know how long they've known each other. She moved out for time and move back to Clovis and was working for a guy up there and then with everything you know that started with the corona thing is business slumped down to almost a whole so she had to move back home.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want to communicate a point to her that you've I bet you've been trying to communicate it subtly
Gwenevere Abriel: And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now it's now, you're not going to be not so subtle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: So how might it sound. I don't know you yet. I kind of want to get in and see how you talk to your daughter kind of want to get a sense of how communication goes over there.
Debbie Barker: Well, we don't yell and scream at each other or anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Debbie Barker: Just want to set her down and talk to her. I'm tired of things. I just want things to slow down some
Debbie Barker: Wonder to get some kind of my life and in a better way to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now is the substance that she's using is it also an opiate
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Would she would she be interested in in maybe checking out bright heart health.
Debbie Barker: Well as soon as she gets an idea we've been trying to help her get an ID. So hopefully when she gets her idea she can do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to make sure when she does come in that she's not assigned to me what's Kathy and then she had the same last name, as you probably know,
Scheduling
Debbie Barker: same last name as me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be that she accidentally gets assigned, but I'll handle it from there. I'll just kind of have that in my background, just in case, I'll make sure that she she gets assigned to someone else, because there would be a conflict because
Debbie Barker: You know,
Debbie Barker: I can beat them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out because I, you are my clients and your interests, your goals are ahead of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, any distractions and I don't want you to everything. K. She said, or she said, so it's always better when our family members and their spouses and siblings are separate.
Gwenevere Abriel: In group and an individual therapy. Yeah, I do. I do like this program. I've been really satisfied with with the work that people are doing in here. So, um, yeah. Let's get that ID. Okay. So let me ask you something.
Debbie Barker: One time
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you want to slow down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about what that means.
Debbie Barker: Just slowing down, doing, doing things any kind of money goes towards them. Don't go towards the house need to content right now and helping do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. So all her MONEY IS GETTING DIVERTED TO THE addiction.
Right.
Debbie Barker: Just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, absolutely.
Debbie Barker: I'm just making sure
Debbie Barker: Making sure she wasn't in the kitchen, so she could overhear things. I don't want her to overhear things
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense to my offended.
Debbie Barker: Right only sit down and talk to her.
Debbie Barker: Wearing me down.
Debbie Barker: I love her and I want to help her. But she's going on 39 years old when
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. It's time. It's time to face it. We're not a kid anymore.
Debbie Barker: No, I'm worked hard all my life. For one, I have
Debbie Barker: I didn't want to go on so security when I did, but I couldn't work anymore.
Debbie Barker: I couldn't work pumping fame goes all the time in your
Debbie Barker: Your body just eventually gives in
Debbie Barker: And this last us and they done is come apart. So I have to go in and have that put back together.
Debbie Barker: I don't know if they're going to do my knee or my back. First, I want my need done first.
Debbie Barker: Sewing be a little more stable when they do my back surgery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now for you, Debbie. When you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Had to look at difficult times in your life when you had to do, maybe a big growth spurt look at something in yourself that you didn't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember back to how difficult it was to do that.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So asking her to take a look at her behaviors of addiction is a big ask
Gwenevere Abriel: If it was just as easy as stop spending your money on
Gwenevere Abriel: bluejeans
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That'd be one thing or but this has got another element to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has to
Debbie Barker: Have some kind of a goal.
Debbie Barker: You know, something to reach for
Debbie Barker: Student this everyday grind that she does.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is she doing during the day when she doing
Debbie Barker: Things in a room, most of the time here lightning. She's eight Norway through the house. He's been gaining a little weight, which is fine. You know we got an extra food stamps here in New Mexico, which really didn't help out, you know, to stay at home more song.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want to work.
Debbie Barker: And mortar to
Debbie Barker: head towards some direction, you know, set some kind of a small goal for so
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Debbie Barker: Getting an ID.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is it like for you. In other words, I'm asking how you feel. I already know the logic. You've already kind of given me some stories. And this has to do with those feeling words we therapist. We love our feeling words.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel having your daughter going through her struggle with addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your home while you're in your own recovery program. What's it. How are you feeling. What's an emotion you might be able to
Debbie Barker: It makes it really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes it hard. And what's the feeling
Debbie Barker: Makes it hard to stay away from things
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to give you some feeling words and see if there's any of these that ring true
Gwenevere Abriel: Staggered anxious know any of those, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you said yes to scared and anxious
Debbie Barker: You know, I had to send it to the hospital, three or four days ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Because I didn't know what I didn't know what if she took on something or
Debbie Barker: I wouldn't get no response, didn't know who I was, or anything else. And I wouldn't go to take a chance
Gwenevere Abriel: And that sounds smart. I think you were in group at that at that time. And that was going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about angry. Do you ever feel angry.
Oh, yo.
Debbie Barker: Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: That one.
You know,
Debbie Barker: I don't have a very good relationship with my oldest one neither, but that's her choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this one with with Cassie, there's a chance and you don't want
Debbie Barker: Always been close. Yeah, always
Debbie Barker: We have our ups and downs, you know, but she's a good kid. And I know that she can do things if she just says her mind to it. You know, I would want seem like you would want to live the life than that.
Debbie Barker: I know I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so if you were to share a heartfelt story with her in your sit down and talking to her sort of setting her straight kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What story. Would you tell that you can relate to what she's going through right now. What story which you remember back to until that one boy, you look like how I felt when I was 2628 30. You know what I mean, like what story would you tell her.
Debbie Barker: My addiction wasn't nearly as bad as her wish.
Debbie Barker: I was always responsible on we tend to be and didn't have nobody else you know that didn't even lean on but myself.
Debbie Barker: So I really never got real bad. As far as
Debbie Barker: You know, being on it for a long time, or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he can't quite relate to what she's doing. Is that what I'm hearing. It's just not yeah I don't quite and you don't quite understand how she could be doing
Gwenevere Abriel: So little with the support that you're giving her. Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That probably won't get you the response you want
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm digging around for is a story about going after your dreams and what it felt like for you to not be able to reach them. That's the one you might be able to reach
Your
Debbie Barker: Health hard it was
Debbie Barker: To work and raise them at the same time and try to go through back surgeries that that was a big struggle but I get it.
Debbie Barker: I've had four back surgeries and raised both of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And can you hear in Kathy's life how her life has been difficult.
Debbie Barker: Or you have been she's lost two husbands. The first one hung himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those two right you can start with empathy. So when we sit down with people, sometimes it's helpful to touch into
Gwenevere Abriel: I had a hard time. These are the ways it was hard for me, this is what I did to overcome it and was
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And then you've had these losses and this grief and this is how you're coping.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you may need are coping skills that I don't know maybe you weren't able to teach because you didn't hadn't learned them at the time when she was a little girl or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's a heartfelt where it's not about just go get a goal. It's about two people really talking in a heartfelt way. Whoops. What's going on, I
Debbie Barker: Gotta dismissed it was my sister. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you need to check on her.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Debbie Barker: No, I'll call her back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a place to start when we sit down with people is empathy and compassion, you know, because probably if she's still in active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: I just hear things going on in the kitchen.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very likely of defensiveness to come up
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: So just thought back in my face about my addiction, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and so the message I'm trying to communicate right now is your daughter, the one that smart, funny loving affection and all those things that you know about her. That's not the person that's making the decisions right now the addicts, making the decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The attic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't going to listen to what you say.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's unlikely, and I know nobody likes here in this, but think about you. Like, could anyone have convinced you to stop doing whatever you were doing as far as the substance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you had to feel it, you had to feel the consequence of it. Am I right, like you had learned the hard way, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't know what your limit is if you had to communicate what your limit is to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that limit. So you say, what about so and so. Can't come on the property, but are you able to follow through with your own boundaries, your own limitations of what you really and truly will follow through with
Debbie Barker: I think so.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, that up with the young
Gwenevere Abriel: It's possible that if the addict is still making the decisions that limit will get breached, because an addict doesn't really care.
Debbie Barker: Park.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your limit giving what will you not tolerate anymore. And what's the consequence if she does that behavior.
Debbie Barker: Keep keep coming over here and this continues, you just gonna have to go somewhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like to say that out loud.
Debbie Barker: It hurts. But I can run to
Debbie Barker: Continue with dragging the house down. She needs to put in her Sarah to
OK. OK.
Debbie Barker: It shouldn't be on our shoulders to pay everything in to do everything all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: When your daughter shows up when the addict. When the voice of the attic is quieted by your actual dog, the one that's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Mom, I need to deal with my grief and I'm so grateful to you, and thank you. I'm going to go start applying for jobs. Would you recognize the difference of who was actually talking to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The BS artist or your actual daughter would you recognize the difference
Gwenevere Abriel: Down. Okay. Okay, good. Hold on to that because you're going to need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the addict is going to guilt trip you call you names.
Debbie Barker: Throw your love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your face and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Say I'm talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants you to get better. But in order for you to see. It's not okay for you to take advantage of me. I need to teach you to not take advantage of other people too. It's not okay.
Debbie Barker: Small
Gwenevere Abriel: And here's the limit if I let you keep doing this. I'm not going to have food. I can't heal. I need to take care of myself to
Gwenevere Abriel: Drew. And so, the expectation is, and just really know knowing going into the conversation by the end of the month. Okay, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another appointment.
Okay.
Debbie Barker: Next one might be outside
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we do this again.
Gwenevere Abriel: 27th at 12pm
Okay.
Debbie Barker: Well,
Debbie Barker: Sounds good. Gotta run down. I might get something better, the rights did on all my bills.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and I wanted to ask you, so we've got April 27 at 12pm Mountain Standard Time. And then I want to ask you, I send these checks, like I sent a courtesy texts at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before, and I hadn't heard from you. So I was really concerned you weren't going to show up tonight.
Debbie Barker: I'm looking for, but I did not see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me show you. Sometimes, and I've noticed this when they're going
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, when they're green. They don't always go through. So, this I sent you told them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said in Queens and it looked kind of like this.
Debbie Barker: I did not get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that. So yeah, so I say o'clock, and then it says text me before seven o'clock Mountain Standard and so I'm sitting here going, oh last night. Yeah, but then I sent another one. Same thing, and nothing. So I was really concerned citizens.
Debbie Barker: And I didn't get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you didn't so
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know what should I
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me
Debbie Barker: Some time that happens here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Debbie Barker: We're not gotten such good phone service every now and then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Let's do
Debbie Barker: And what phone number do I look for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my, you go nine. I'm in a 954 once you put get me in your phone. You put me under Gwen 954240
Debbie Barker: Okay 08840884 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah 9540. Okay. So also, what am I do this, how often you tell me if this is practical, because if it's not practical. Then I will bother you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go into your email on a daily basis.
Debbie Barker: No, I don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want my
Debbie Barker: Email. I didn't need see it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what are you, Debbie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Usually because I do it when i remember i do only around five o'clock, something like that, five or six or seven o'clock at night.
Debbie Barker: Event and remember that. Okay.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I get you a quick call the night before, like Sunday night, would that interrupt your evening.
Debbie Barker: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: what I might do is either. I'll give you a quick call and it'll probably just it won't be to rush you off, but really I I'm doing an evening and I really just want to touch base would probably be like this. Have you just calling to confirm tomorrow at noon.
Debbie Barker: But we still
Gwenevere Abriel: All you have to say is, yes. And I'll say, Okay, well. Have a good night, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Debbie Barker: Okay. Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so he
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I might assign it a care navigator to do it.
Debbie Barker: Kind of depends.
Gwenevere Abriel: On how busy they are
Gwenevere Abriel: Some will do it that way. And I'm going to send myself a little reminder. So call
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, call me.
Gwenevere Abriel: To confirm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Beautiful.
Debbie Barker: Now get that straight, now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um, let's talk a little bit about your relapse prevention planning. Let's talk about the fun things that you like to do that are self soothing. For most people, they're like, what, I don't do anything nice for myself. What are you talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people like to paint. They like to take more tell
Debbie Barker: Me can some stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you like to can
Debbie Barker: On one of my good things jelly
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me all about it.
Debbie Barker: We have
Debbie Barker: Oh no, I can't remember the name of the Durham bush.
Debbie Barker: I sound kind of a sour plum here.
Debbie Barker: That I'm making last time I entered the fair with for I've got I'm was number one out of 400 and something so that was pretty good mom would have been proud of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: My goodness. What's your love to give me away your recipe. But what's I've never can anything. I remember seeing my grandma and do that she would can peaches in Washington State. I remember seeing her do that.
Debbie Barker: That's all we ever knew his kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I'm like, What is this thing. You guys are doing. And so amazing. And then we would eat them later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the
Gwenevere Abriel: Reward is
Debbie Barker: Black Eye Peas was one of my best that year.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is it hard, meaning how many hours would I have to put into it.
Debbie Barker: So a lot of steps.
Debbie Barker: A lot of being on your feet.
Debbie Barker: That kind of thing.
Debbie Barker: You got to cook them, you know, and then put them in your jar. You got to clean them up kind of then cook them and put them in your jars and then you got a pressure cooker them.
Debbie Barker: That's all we ever knew his kids.
Debbie Barker: My mom was raised on the farm and my grandfather, but boom corn did this area in 1965
Debbie Barker: One time that a lot of property out employed and formed with his brothers for years and years before it got so stove button.
Debbie Barker: Had to move into town. But he still drove trying to for the old boy he sold the property and stuff for. In fact, he died out in the middle of the field, doing what he loved to do
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be the way to go. I think I
Gwenevere Abriel: Always tell people I said I'll probably be standing here saying, how do you feel today.
Debbie Barker: Those are some of the
Debbie Barker: Better times of childhood, you know, being being out in the country and that sort of thing, because I was raised in Africa.
Debbie Barker: And big town and I missed to being in a small town and I miss being on the farm.
Debbie Barker: I wrote a minimal on a tractor.
Gwenevere Abriel: So canning. You have to be on your feet. You know what it makes me think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting to do fun things that you're not able to enjoy able I
Debbie Barker: Sit down to peel potatoes and things like daddy more
Debbie Barker: Work. I can't do a whole lot in on
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we need to go on a discovery journey and figure out some fun stuff because I want you to have joy and happiness and a hobby that doesn't require you on your feet.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, let's keep thinking what is something that you've kind of thought when you were younger. This is something I wanted to try, but there was never any time you never really looked into it. What would be something that you would enjoy doing doesn't require standing on your feet.
Debbie Barker: Getting back into my art.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now. What kind do you like pen and ink pens charcoal page, what do you like
Debbie Barker: I don't know. It's been so long. Her father was a sign painter and I used to do cartoons and all kinds of things going to better cartoons and I ended anything
Debbie Barker: That he used to be able to draw anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever taken to
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking your trials and tribulations and taking that difficulty.
Gwenevere Abriel: And translating that into art. Have you ever done that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or taking something that maybe was ugly to someone else and turning it into something beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo. Yeah, that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would challenge them to give that a try to say this is part of my recovery. This is part of what I can do, maybe even
Gwenevere Abriel: After a surgery. I could make sure I have thing. So I'm not bored out of my mind I can be. If you enjoy doing drawing
Gwenevere Abriel: Then maybe it's about investing in colored pencils and maybe that's part of the conversation. Maybe it is charcoal. Maybe you want to go on a journey and experiment, all the ways
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can do artistically.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not going to be able to do that if all of the money is diverted somewhere else. So it's
Debbie Barker: A lot of that already.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do. And what about
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, truth be told, you've got the material and you've got the paper. Have you been missing inspiration. What's been missing.
Debbie Barker: The inspiration to do anything you're likely. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what if you're putting on paper, your experiences helps you and helps others. What if you did some drawings and you decided I want to share it, maybe with daughter or with the group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I've had some tattoo artists that share their work. I've had people that do paintings in the back, they'll actually be doing them.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that feels good to you this idea that you're looking to sort of get some inspiration. I personally would love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I've always wanted to post people's art when with consent, obviously, on the bright Heart Health website wanted to, so to say, is personal. Let's bring in people's personal artwork things that they've done if they if you wanted to, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking something from a history and turning it in to something maybe beautiful maybe that could be an inspiration.
Debbie Barker: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you use for your cartoons. Would you say colored pencil ink pens, what would you do
Debbie Barker: Would probably start out with a pencil.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what cartoons, did you used to like when you were younger.
Debbie Barker: Think that they're all different kinds. What and somebody had a CB handle I could always come up with some kind of a drawing for one
Debbie Barker: And read on both sides of the truck, that kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you actually did you ever, like sell it.
Debbie Barker: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like it.
You know,
Debbie Barker: Dollars aside.
Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you just got so busy and had to stop.
Debbie Barker: Traffic
Debbie Barker: No.
Debbie Barker: Unload we separated and I moved down here and and got a divorce from payment on painting and
Debbie Barker: I moved. I couldn't be around him anymore. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if you left all that part of you behind too. And so maybe changing, changing the meaning and the feeling around doing art might be needed.
Debbie Barker: True.
Debbie Barker: I could get some my workout and look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking at your old work.
Debbie Barker: Hey,
Debbie Barker: Maggie,
Debbie Barker: Baby
Debbie Barker: Somebody pulled up two dogs were barking.
Debbie Barker: Two dogs and cats in the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any a company
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, fuzzy company.
Debbie Barker: A lot of outdoor ones too.
Debbie Barker: I wouldn't have any other way. Got to have a cat.
Gwenevere Abriel: So did you hear your own idea just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that idea.
Debbie Barker: About cats. Oh, looking at my own drawings
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Debbie Barker: Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice what was missing was the inspiration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mail pulling those out, looking at him again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maybe that same old stuff from that other marriage that might be that might be done.
Debbie Barker: Yo,
Debbie Barker: Yo, he's gone.
Debbie Barker: That's over with, years and years ago.
Debbie Barker: He's only longer alive.
Debbie Barker: Unfortunately,
Debbie Barker: Today that story. One of these days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, it's a doozy.
Debbie Barker: It is
Debbie Barker: Interesting mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I would love to hear about what it was like for you to even revisit some of that old work looking at it. I would love to hear next time or in group either one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like to pull that out. And if you're so inspired you'll learn over time with me whatever comes up for you if it's, you know what, today I want to show it, or no, I don't want to talk about it all of it. It's all good to me. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just know
Gwenevere Abriel: Get you feeling confident happy, right. How do we get you there so that this other temptations.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other addiction.
Debbie Barker: Distractions
Gwenevere Abriel: There, you got lots of sounds over there.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, are you, are you able to share any thing personal at this point, or there's still sort of this distraction.
Debbie Barker: Distraction
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's go ahead and close today then. And let me just I'm privileged to listen to some of what you shared and and thank you for kind of let me
Debbie Barker: Carry
Gwenevere Abriel: I would love to see some art.
Debbie Barker: Sounds good.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll give you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll give you a call on Sunday also
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Be good to Mumbai.
Mumbai.